docs/index.rst, before:

.. include:: <isonum.txt>

###########################################################
template-package: Distance-Dependence Motion-Related Artifact Analysis
###########################################################

The ``template-package`` package is a Python package for running template-package quality control analyses.

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/template-package.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/template-package/
   :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/template-package.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/template-package/
   :alt: PyPI - Python Version

.. image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/110845855.svg
   :target: https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/110845855
   :alt: DOI

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/pySPFM/template-package.svg?style=shield
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/pySPFM/template-package
   :alt: CircleCI

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL%202.1-blue.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1
   :alt: License

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/template-package/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://template-package.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/pySPFM/template-package/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/pySPFM/template-package
   :alt: Codecov


*****
About
*****

``template-package`` is a Python implementation of the methods described in `Power et al. (2018)`_.
The algorithms have been altered somewhat, with any deviations described in the relevant functions' docstrings.

.. _Power et al. (2018): https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1720985115


*******************
License Information
*******************

template-package is licensed under GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   api
   example_analysis.ipynb


******************
Indices and tables
******************

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Changed template name for pySPFM

docs/index.rst, after:

.. include:: <isonum.txt>

###########################################################
pySPFM: Distance-Dependence Motion-Related Artifact Analysis
###########################################################

The ``pySPFM`` package is a Python package for running pySPFM quality control analyses.

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pySPFM.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pySPFM/
   :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/pySPFM.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pySPFM/
   :alt: PyPI - Python Version

.. image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/110845855.svg
   :target: https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/110845855
   :alt: DOI

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/pySPFM/pySPFM.svg?style=shield
   :target: https://circleci.com/gh/pySPFM/pySPFM
   :alt: CircleCI

.. image:: http://img.shields.io/badge/License-LGPL%202.1-blue.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/LGPL-2.1
   :alt: License

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pySPFM/badge/?version=latest
   :target: http://pySPFM.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
   :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://codecov.io/gh/pySPFM/pySPFM/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/pySPFM/pySPFM
   :alt: Codecov


*****
About
*****

``pySPFM`` is a Python implementation of the methods described in `Power et al. (2018)`_.
The algorithms have been altered somewhat, with any deviations described in the relevant functions' docstrings.

.. _Power et al. (2018): https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1720985115


*******************
License Information
*******************

pySPFM is licensed under GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Contents:

   api
   example_analysis.ipynb


******************
Indices and tables
******************

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
